hi 18 cinema summary here in this video
i am going to recount to you guys the
full plot line of a south korean movie
called a muse
this movie tells a story of an old
lonely writer his life is turned upside
down with the arrival of a 17 year old
girl who starts working in his home
how will their love story unfold
let's find out
spoilers ahead you have been warned
the film opens by showing us the mundane
life of a 70 year old man by the name of
lee who lives a solitary life up in the
mountains where he spends most of his
days writing in his study
from his flashback it is revealed that
he is a famous writer and also teaches
literature at a university in the city
one day on his way home from work he
sees a young girl with wounds around her
knee sleeping in a reclining chair in
front of his house
soon after a young man by the name of ji
woo who happens to be a student of lee
arrives and accidentally awakes her the
girl is revealed to be yoon gyo they
look confused and ask her why she is
here
she replies that she accidentally
noticed a stairway and decide to rest
there
she tells them that she lives nearby
she then saying goodbye and leaves later
on in the film we will find out that ji
wu turns out to be a well-known writer
as well and he pays leah visit regularly
to care for him as gratitude for his
past kindness jiwoo is having a chat
with lee and he mentions that he met
yun-gyo again he tells lee that she is
looking for a job and that she is able
to do any housework long story short lee
tells you and gil to come on saturday
and become his housemate from that day
forward yoon gil regularly arrives to
clean the house
their relationship seems wholesome in
the beginning not in a romantic way on
one occasion when she is vacuuming the
study she bumps into a pile of paper lee
happens to be observing her from
upstairs and immediately comes down to
help her he also helps her vacuuming and
arrange the book
yoon gio feels guilty at that time one
day before heading to lee's house yoon
gil makes herself look nice and lifts
her skirt above the knees
she then cleans the house as usual but
this time still dressed in her school
uniform which she does on purpose
lee notices her and can't help but find
it to be very arousing to him lee and
yoon gio often have a conversation
together as the days go by yurin gyo
feels more and more attracted to lee
mainly because she is impressed by the
beautiful words that lee often utters
even during her class the thought of lee
can't escape yuen gyo's mind one rainy
night yoon gio arrives soaking wet at
least door
she then asks for his permission to let
her stay overnight in his home as she is
having an argument with her parents
feeling bad for her lee lets her spend
the night while helping her dry her
clothes yoon gyo starts teasingly subtly
and lee is starting to fall for it yoon
gio is sleeping in separate rooms that
night when lee wakes up the next morning
he finds yoon gyo under the blanket in
his bed and notices an eagle-like tattoo
on her chest
as he is running his finger through it
out of curiosity he hears ji woo coming
and abruptly rushes to his work desk
jiwoo is shocked to find yoon gyo in
lee's bedroom and asks her where lee is
jiwoo suspects that something is going
on between yoon gio and lee
so he warns lee to keep his distance and
reminds him that she is only 17. one day
the three of them go out for a hike
in the middle of the hike ji woo pulls
yoon gyo aside and advises her to stop
working at lee's house but little does
he know that lee has already handed her
a house key later yoon gio is tidying
her hair with a mirror when jiwoo shouts
at her and startles her it causes her to
drop the mirror to the bottom of the
cliff which is far from their reach
she starts crying out at him and tells
him that he made her lose her mother's
heirloom lee walks up to them and slowly
climbs down the cliff to grab the mirror
and hands it to her
and then they share a hug in front of ji
wu the next day yoon gil persuades lee
to get a tattoo like hers on his chest
as she is etching it the old man's
imagination starts to go wild where he
sees himself as his younger self and
having a romantic relationship with her
since that day lee starts to write
fictional stories about his relationship
with jungio
meanwhile ji wu is under a lot of stress
because he hasn't finished his script so
he calls yoon gyo and asks her to bring
him a flu medication when she arrives ji
woo ends up confronting her about the
mirror incident the other day moreover
he tells her not to disturb lee anymore
they argue all night into her defense
she tells him that lee is the one who
keeps inviting her over
the following day yoon gio and ji woo
are talking in lee study when suddenly
yoon tries to move lee's drawer
jiwoo stops her from doing so because he
knows lee would not be happy with people
rearranging his belongings they argue
for a while and they both start to push
it back and forth as none of them wants
to back down it eventually topples down
and opens
jiwoo accidentally notices the script
that lee wrote about his imaginary
scenarios with yoon later that night ji
wu discreetly takes the script and
begins reading it as it gradually peaks
his interest as each day passes by yoon
and lee get even closer to one another
they even spend a lot of time together
one night lee is visited by a man who
asks him regarding jiwoo's whereabout
the man also mentions that jiwoo's new
book is rising in popularity and that
the book's title is yunyo lee is taken
aback upon hearing the name and walks to
his study to look for his script
he is relieved when he sees that it is
still in his drawer but he is still not
convinced
so he heads to a bookstore to search for
gee woo's book and as he suspected
earlier the story in the book is very
familiar confirming that it is actually
based on his fictional writing about
yoon gyo the next morning as jiwoo is
bringing over a tea to lee
he lashes out to ji wu on the matter
admitting that his intention has always
been to keep the story to himself
jiwoo tries to justify his actions by
telling him that it would be a shame for
such a beautiful story to just rot in
his shelf
lee who is already overwhelmed by anger
ignores his reasoning and harshly cast
she wu out of his house yoon gil
witnesses this happening and quickly
flees out of fear
that night yoon gil visits lee as usual
all of a sudden lee acts infuriated
towards you and gio unlocks the door to
prevent her from coming inside yoon gio
notices a book with yoon gyo written on
the cover
she grabs it and leaves
the next day at school her mind is
constantly burdened by what she reads in
the book
on the way home she approaches ji wu at
his house because the book yoon gyo is
written by him
yoon gio shows him her appreciation for
depicting her so beautifully in the book
later that night ji woo invites yoon
inside his car
he is feeling lonely and tries to kiss
her
however yoon gil rejects his advances
and leaves
days later lee is grieved with such
loneliness and while he is doing yoon
gyo's work he starts to hallucinate
about her a few days later yoon comes
over to celebrate lee's birthday as the
two are preparing dinner jiwoo arrives
at the door much to their surprise and
tells them that he just wants to give a
birthday present to lee
ji woo asks permission to leave when lee
stops him and asks him to stay with him
to join the party lee becomes drunk
throughout the night and tells ji woo
and yoon to go home before dozing off
shortly he wakes up to a noise coming
from inside the house
curious he goes outside and uses a
ladder to peek inside his study
before his very eyes ji woo and yoon gio
were having sex
later that night after ji wu falls
asleep he goes out to his car to
contemplate
all of a sudden an idea pops up in his
head to deflate g-woo's car tires and
unscrew the bolts from his own car wheel
as expected the next day jiwoo is on his
way home when he realizes he has a flat
tire so he drives back to get lee's car
instead however the car feels unstable
so he drives to an auto repair shop
where the guy tells him that someone
must have unscrew the bolts from his own
car wheel
jiwoo realizes it's lee and he storms
off with the intention to confront him
during the way he is so flooded with
anger that he loses control he crashes
violently
[Music]
ending his life at that very moment
days later yoon gio is in a book shop
when she comes across ji woo's published
book yoon gyo that's when she recognizes
something odd the story resembles her
interaction with lee during her time
working there
she figures out that lee must have
written the book and not ji woo
knowing this she brings a flower and
goes to visit lee to express her
gratitude only to find the house in a
state of complete mess with wine bottles
scattered all over the floor she finds
lee lying down in his room and tells him
that she has read the book
she thanks him for portraying her so
gracefully in the book
but at the same time they realize that
they will never be together eventually
she bit him farewell telling him that
she will never return
as those words enter lazier a tear rolls
down his eyes and he starts to cry and
that wraps up our recap this time for
the movie amuse
feel free to drop a comment below as to
what we should recap next
thank you for watching